What is CSS?
  Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is used to format the layout of a webpage.  
  With CSS, you can control the color, font, the size of text, the spacing between elements, how elements are positioned and laid out,
  what background images or background colors are to be used, different displays for different devices and screen sizes, and much more!
  
  Tip: The word cascading means that a style applied to a parent element will also apply to all children elements within the parent
  
  Using CSS
CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: 
  Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements
  Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section
  External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file
Inline CSS
   An inline CSS is used to apply a unique style to a single HTML element.
   An inline CSS uses the style attribute of an HTML element    
   
Internal CSS
  An internal CSS is used to define a style for a single HTML page.
  An internal CSS is defined in the <head> section of an HTML page, within a <style> element
  
External CSS
  An external style sheet is used to define the style for many HTML pages.
  To use an external style sheet, add a link to it in the <head> section of each HTML page:
  
CSS Colors, Fonts and Sizes
  Here, we will demonstrate some commonly used CSS properties. You will learn more about them later.
  The CSS color property defines the text color to be used.
  The CSS font-family property defines the font to be used.
  The CSS font-size property defines the text size to be used.
CSS Border
   The CSS border property defines a border around an HTML element.
   Tip: You can define a border for nearly all HTML elements.
CSS Padding
   The CSS padding property defines a padding (space) between the text and the border   
CSS Margin
   The CSS margin property defines a margin (space) outside the border.  
Link to External CSS
   External style sheets can be referenced with a full URL or with a path relative to the current web page   